What's wrong?
I want jujube kernels
And what you gave me is Mrs. Li
What acid?
Master Li's
I caught it according to the prescription you gave me.
I want you to mess around here again
I want you to look good
Get your stuff and get out
Give me my jujube kernels and I'll go
Do you understand?
This is the medicine you wanted
Don't be here looking for trouble
Get out of here
Is this jujube seed or plum jujube?
I called the Chinese medicine doctor in your store to take a look.
Ok I'll call you
If it weren't for what you said, you wouldn't look good
Is this the Three Highs?
I suggest you let me see the prescription I gave you
And your tickets.
It's clearly written on it
If this is sour
I can only ask someone from the market supervision department.
In person.
These two drugs have the same effect
Why are you torn?
What does brother mean?
What jujube kernels?
What is pear jujube kernel?
Although these two knives have the same medicinal properties
drug-effect connection
But this price
It's dozens of times worse.
You are talking nonsense.
Oh, I see.
You're not here to buy medicine
Are you here to make trouble?
Humph boss boss